>> Richard Feldman: Let's
go through these.
So, we have a problem that
all of these are tasks, and
we want them to be commands.
So, we'll go over here and
build it, and unfortunately,
the type mismatch that
we're gonna get here,
although it is correctly telling
us that these don't line up.
The particular thing that
it's complaining about,
is not giving us a super great clue
as to what the real problem is here.
What it's complaining about is the sort of
preliminary problem it encounters, which
is to say that, these are all different
types that are all in the list literal.
So, the problem that it's complaining
about is like ,hey, the second element is
something, is a task that returns, yeah,
an HTTP error, but a list of comments.
But the next task in the list,
has a different success type.
So it's complaining about something that
is sort of unrelated to what we want.
What we actually care about is the fact
that, yeah, but we're passing this whole
list of alleged commands to command.batch
but they're not commands, they're tasks.
Nevertheless, this does give us at least
the information that we need to figure out
where to get started.
So what it's telling us is that
the first element has the type
Task Http.Error (Article Full).
And the second one has a type
Task Http.Error (List Comment).
So based on that,
we can see, well, clearly,
this is not going to unify with Never.
Both of these could potentially have HTTP
errors, which is to say that we're not
gonna be able to use Task.perform
with either of these.
We're gonna have to use Task.attempt.
So, if we look at the docs for
Task.attempt, it's gonna tell us that we
need to provide a message that accounts
for the two possible outcomes.
One that it succeeds, and
the other that it fails.
In order to do that,
it's gonna have them wrapped in a result,
which means that,
when we want to call a Task.attempt.
We're gonna have to give it a message
that get has a result that handles
the Http.Error for the error case and
then for the success case whatever
the particular thing is that each of
these tasks produces when it succeeds.
So to figure to that out, we're gonna
go take a look at our message type, and
we're gonna look for
something that lines up with these.
We're gonna look for something
that is a message that holds on to
a result of Http.Error and Lists Comment.
And that's gonna be, but one for
the second one and for the first one,
we're gonna want Http.Error and
(Article Full).
So let's see if we got anything in here,
we'll go shopping for messages and
see if we spot anything that looks good.
So here's something that looks
pretty good, CompletedLoadArticle.
It's got exactly the type we want,
result Http.Error (Article Full).
So we're gonna try that out as
our type for the first thing.
Task.attempt CompletedLoadArticle and for
the second one this is
the list of comments.
That's got the same thing but
an Http.Error is gonna be paired
with List Comment instead.
So let's see if we can see
anything in there, and
sure enough the next one
is CompletedLoadComments.
So we're gonna do that over here,
Task.attempt.
CompletedLoadComments, okay,
now let's see what it complains about.
Okay, now we see a new error.
So, its still complaining about
the list being incongruous about
the elements having different types.
But this time it's saying hey
the problem now is that, this third one,
is a task that produces no errors,
interesting, interesting.
And the previous ones are all commands,
which is now true because we made
those both go into commands.
Since this one is producing a task
that cannot possibly have an error,
we can safely use Task.perform on it.
>> Richard Feldman: What are we
gonna pass to task.perform?
Well, it doesn't expect a result because
there's no possibility that it could fail.
So we're really just looking for
something that accepts a Time.zone
value inside our message.
So we go shopping for one of those and
here we go GotTimeZone Time.Zone.
Fair enough, okay.
Last but not least, we see SlowThreshold
is a task that takes task with actually,
not only does it have no error type, but
also on success it produces
a unit which is to say nothing.
Nothing of any use whatsoever.
But we wanted to convert
it into a message.
So for that one,
we can definitely safely use Task.perform.
And what we're gonna look for
is a message that takes a unit and
then returns a message.
So let's see if we have
anything like that.
We actually don't.
We don't have any of these that
fit that exact description.
What we do have, is this thing whose
name matches what we want we want,
the PassedSlowLoadThreshold.
But, I think quite reasonably,
this doesn't hold onto a unit because
unit doesn't tell us any information.
It just says, yeah, this is a message
with no additional information.
We passed the slow load threshold.
That happened,
I have no further information
to give you about what happened.
It's just we did it.
So the way we can handle that, is that,
we can rather than passing in the variant
function like we did in all the other
case, we can just pass it in an anonymous
function, that says, just always
return PassedSlowLoadThreshold.
Or, if we wanna get a little bit more
explicit we can do this, which essentially
says I am not only ignoring this,
but I am pattern-matching on it and
saying it has to be unit, which is to say
it has to be this value with no meaning.
This is similar to when we,
a couple of exercises ago,
did preview in the pattern match, to say,
I know that this is exactly what this is.
It is definitely something
that has no information.
Also, I think quite important to note,
is that this thing right here,
looks like a dude doing a karate type
of motion, so that's pretty cool.
Questions about all of these?
Yeah, let's confirm they actually compile,
they do.